This privacy policy governs your use of the software application ChooseBook (“Application”) for mobile devices that was created by Ana Rodighiero. The Application is a static picture-book that does not connect to the internet or other devices.
 
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?

The Application does not collect usage statistics or other anonymous user data except the following:
  1. Data automatically generated for any application installed and used on an Android device through Google Play Services (see the Google Play privacy policy)
  
  2. Log Data collected and reported to Google Play and the Application developer for the purposes of troubleshooting the Application in the event of a crash ("crash report"). This Log Data may include information such as your devices’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, configuration of the Application, the time and date of your use of the Application, and other statistics.
  
  3. Information the user may provide through the application's Feedback menu.


User Provided Information 

Through the Google Play Store's beta tester program and through the feedback link within the Application, the user is invited to provide feedback about the Application through email. If a user chooses to email the developer, the information in that email, including "From" address will be collected. The developer may use this information to contact the user for the purpose of clarifying or troubleshooting issues or notifying of changes or updates to the product.

We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:

  1. as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;

  2. when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;

  3. with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.


What are my opt-out rights?

You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. You can also request to opt-out via email, at anarodighiero@gmail.com.

 

Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at anarodighiero@gmail.com and we will respond in a reasonable time. 

 

Children

We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at anarodighiero@gmail.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.

 
Security

We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.

 

Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. 

 

Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards. 

 

Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at anarodighiero@gmail.com.

